feat!: Migrate to ESLint v9: (#3)
y-scope/eslint-config-yscope: README.md

[older version's README][readme-0.0.32].

## Usage

After installation, you can create an `eslint.config.mjs` configuration file in the root directory
of your project and export an array of configuration objects.

### Available Configurations

Some configurations are provided as standalone configuration objects, which can be directly
referenced once imported:
- `CommonConfig`: A general ESLint configuration suitable for a wide range of JavaScript projects.
- `JestConfig`: A specialized ESLint configuration for Jest files.
- `MeteorConfig`: A specialized ESLint configuration for Meteor projects.

The other configurations are provided as a group of configuration objects stored in an array. To use
these configurations, you need to utilize the "spread" (`...`) syntax to unpack the configuration
objects into your own configuration array:
- `StylisticConfigArray`: A configuration for stylistic formatting. It is typically combined with
  `CommonConfig`, as shown in the [ESLint config examples](#eslint-config-examples).
- `ReactConfigArray`: A specialized ESLint configuration for React applications.
- `TsConfigArray`: A specialized ESLint configuration for TypeScript projects. A helper

>   `createTsConfigOverride` is also provided. See [ESLint config examples](#eslint-config-examples) for
>   details on how to set it up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `createTsConfigOverride` is also provided. See [ESLint config examples](#eslint-config-examples)
  for details on how to set it up.
```

                globals: {
                    ...globals.node,
                },
            },
        },
        {
            rules: {
                // Your own overrides
            },
        },
    ];
    
    
    export default EslintConfig;
    ```

2. For use with a JavaScript React.js project:
    ```javascript
    import CommonConfig from "eslint-config-yscope/CommonConfig.mjs";
    import ReactConfigArray from "eslint-config-yscope/ReactConfigArray.mjs";
    import StylisticConfigArray from "eslint-config-yscope/StylisticConfigArray.mjs";
    
    
    const EslintConfig = [
        CommonConfig,
        ...StylisticConfigArray,
        ...ReactConfigArray,
    ];
    
    
    export default EslintConfig;
    ```

3. For use with a TypeScript React.js project:
    ```javascript
    import CommonConfig from "eslint-config-yscope/CommonConfig.mjs";
    import ReactConfigArray from "eslint-config-yscope/ReactConfigArray.mjs";
    import StylisticConfigArray from "eslint-config-yscope/StylisticConfigArray.mjs";
    import TsConfigArray from "eslint-config-yscope/TsConfigArray.mjs";
    
    
    const EslintConfig = [
        CommonConfig,
    

>         // NOTE: The map below must be placed directly before the spread `StylisticConfigArray`, to
>         // disable conflicting TsEsLint rules by the Stylistic plugin's "disable-legacy" preset.
>         ...TsConfigArray.map(
>             (config) => ({
>                 files: [
>                     "**/*.ts",
>                     "**/*.tsx",
>                 ],
>                 ...config,
>             })
>         ),
>         ...StylisticConfigArray,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ...TsConfigArray.map(
            (config) => ({
                files: [
                    "**/*.ts",
                    "**/*.tsx",
                ],
                ...config,
            })
        ),

        // NOTE: `StylisticConfigArray` must be placed after `TsConfigArray` to override stylistic
        // rules within `TsConfigArray` (we can't remove the stylistic rules from `TsConfigArray`
        // since they come from a preset that `TsConfigArray` extends).
        ...StylisticConfigArray,
```

                globals: {
                    ...globals.node,
                },
            },
        },
        {
            rules: {
                // Your own overrides
            },
        },
    ];
    
    
    export default EslintConfig;
    ```

2. For use with a JavaScript React.js project:
    ```javascript
    import CommonConfig from "eslint-config-yscope/CommonConfig.mjs";
    import ReactConfigArray from "eslint-config-yscope/ReactConfigArray.mjs";
    import StylisticConfigArray from "eslint-config-yscope/StylisticConfigArray.mjs";
    
    
    const EslintConfig = [
        CommonConfig,
        ...StylisticConfigArray,
        ...ReactConfigArray,
    ];
    
    
    export default EslintConfig;
    ```

3. For use with a TypeScript React.js project:
    ```javascript
    import CommonConfig from "eslint-config-yscope/CommonConfig.mjs";
    import ReactConfigArray from "eslint-config-yscope/ReactConfigArray.mjs";
    import StylisticConfigArray from "eslint-config-yscope/StylisticConfigArray.mjs";
    import TsConfigArray from "eslint-config-yscope/TsConfigArray.mjs";
    
    
    const EslintConfig = [
        CommonConfig,
    

>         // NOTE: The map below must be placed directly before the spread `StylisticConfigArray`.

Author: This is good for clarity but also could be overly verbose. @kirkrodrigues what do you think?

### For Older Node.js Versions

This package requires ESLint 9, which in turn requires Node.js 18 or above. If you are using an
older version of Node.js, you can use version `0.0.32` of this package, which is compatible with
ESLint 8. Detailed setup instructions for this version are available in the 

> [older versions README][readme-0.0.32].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[older version's README][readme-0.0.32].
```

## Usage

After installation, you can create an `eslint.config.mjs` configuration file in the root directory
of your project and export an array of configuration objects.

### Available Configurations

Some configurations are provided as standalone configuration objects, which can be directly
referenced once imported:
- `CommonConfig`: A general ESLint configuration suitable for a wide range of JavaScript projects.

> - `JestConfig`: A Jest-specific ESLint configuration intended to override other configurations for 
> Jest test files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `JestConfig`: A specialized ESLint configuration for Jest files.
```

- `MeteorConfig`: A specialized ESLint configuration for Meteor projects.

The other configurations are provided as a group of configuration objects stored in an array. To use
these configurations, you need to utilize the "spread" (`...`) syntax to unpack the configuration
objects into your own configuration array:

> - `StylisticConfigArray`: A configuration for stylistic formatting. It is typically combined with 
> - `CommonConfig`, as shown in the [ESLint config examples](#eslint-config-examples).
> - `ReactConfigArray`: A specialized ESLint configuration tailored for React applications.
> - `TsConfigArray`: A configuration designed specifically for TypeScript projects. A helper 
> `createTsConfigOverride` is also provided. Refer to the
> [ESLint config examples](#eslint-config-examples) for details on how to set it up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `StylisticConfigArray`: A configuration for stylistic formatting. It is typically combined with
  `CommonConfig`, as shown in the [ESLint config examples](#eslint-config-examples).
- `ReactConfigArray`: A specialized ESLint configuration for React applications.
- `TsConfigArray`: A specialized ESLint configuration for TypeScript projects. A helper
  `createTsConfigOverride` is also provided. See [ESLint config examples](#eslint-config-examples) for
  details on how to set it up.
```

### ESLint config examples

1. For use with a CommonJS Node.js project:
    ```javascript
    import globals from "globals";
    

>     import CommonConfig from "./CommonConfig.mjs";
>     import StylisticConfigArray from "./StylisticConfigArray.mjs";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    import CommonConfig from "eslint-config-yscope/CommonConfig.mjs";
    import StylisticConfigArray from "eslint-config-yscope/StylisticConfigArray.mjs";
```

    
    
    const EslintConfig = [
        CommonConfig,
        ...StylisticConfigArray,
        {
            languageOptions: {
                globals: {
                    ...globals.node,
                },
            },
        },
        {
            rules: {

>                 // ... Your own overrides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                // Your own overrides
```

            },
        },
    ];
    
    
    export default EslintConfig;
    ```

2. For use with a JavaScript React.js project:
    ```javascript
    import CommonConfig from "eslint-config-yscope/CommonConfig.mjs";
    import ReactConfigArray from "eslint-config-yscope/ReactConfigArray.mjs";
    import StylisticConfigArray from "eslint-config-yscope/StylisticConfigArray.mjs";
    
    
    const EslintConfig = [
        CommonConfig,
        ...StylisticConfigArray,
        ...ReactConfigArray,
    ];
    
    
    export default EslintConfig;
    ```

3. For use with a TypeScript React.js project:
    ```javascript
    import CommonConfig from "eslint-config-yscope/CommonConfig.mjs";
    import ReactConfigArray from "eslint-config-yscope/ReactConfigArray.mjs";
    import StylisticConfigArray from "eslint-config-yscope/StylisticConfigArray.mjs";
    import TsConfigArray from "eslint-config-yscope/TsConfigArray.mjs";
    
    
    const EslintConfig = [
        CommonConfig,
    

>         // Note below map has to be placed directly before the spreaded `StylisticConfigArray`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // NOTE: The map below must be placed directly before the spread `StylisticConfigArray`.
```

>         // Note below map has to be placed directly before the spreaded `StylisticConfigArray`

Reviewer: Why must it be placed before?

Author: Supposedly, if we manually configure individual rules in `TsConfigArray`, that would not be an issue. However, the current setup extends from a "recommended" preset `TsEslint.configs.strictTypeChecked`, which contains rules that might conflict with Stylistic rules.

The `StylisticConfigArray` contains a preset `StylisticPlugin.configs["disable-legacy"]` which contains rules to override any of those configured "recommended" rules as "off". By placing the `StylisticConfigArray` after `TsConfigArray`, the overrides will be correctly performed.

Reviewer: Can you add that to the comment?

        ...TsConfigArray.map(
            (config) => ({
                files: [
                    "**/*.ts",
                    "**/*.tsx",
                ],
                ...config,
            })
        ),
        ...StylisticConfigArray,
    
        ...ReactConfigArray,
    ];
    
    
    export default EslintConfig;
    ```
   

> 4. For use with a TypeScript project with multiple `tsconfig.json` files:
>    In projects that include multiple `tsconfig.json` files for different source types, such as a 
> Vite project created from the `react-ts` template, you can use the helper function 
> `createTsConfigOverride` to generate configuration overrides. This ensures proper handling of
> imports and resolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. For use with a TypeScript project with multiple `tsconfig.json` files: In projects that include
   multiple `tsconfig.json` files for different source types, such as a Vite project created from
   the `react-ts` template, you can use the helper function `createTsConfigOverride` to generate
   configuration overrides. This ensures proper handling of imports and resolution.
```

   ```javascript
   import CommonConfig from "eslint-config-yscope/CommonConfig.mjs";
   import ReactConfigArray from "eslint-config-yscope/ReactConfigArray.mjs";
   import StylisticConfigArray from "eslint-config-yscope/StylisticConfigArray.mjs";
   import TsConfigArray, {createTsConfigOverride} from "eslint-config-yscope/TsConfigArray.mjs";
   
   
   const EslintConfig = [
       {
           ignores: [
               "dist/",
               "node_modules/",
           ],
       },
       CommonConfig,
       ...TsConfigArray.map(
           (config) => ({
               files: [
                   "**/*.ts",
                   "**/*.tsx",
               ],
               ...config,
           })
       ),
       createTsConfigOverride(
           [
               "src/**/*.ts",
               "src/**/*.tsx",
           ],
           "tsconfig.app.json"
       ),
       createTsConfigOverride(
           ["vite.config.ts"],
           "tsconfig.node.json"
       ),
       ...StylisticConfigArray,
       ...ReactConfigArray,
   ];
   
   
   export default EslintConfig;
   ```

> 

Reviewer: Extraneous newlines.

## Customization

Each configuration can be further customized and extended as per your project's needs. You can
override specific rules by adding them to your ESLint configuration file.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to the `eslint-config-yscope`! If you have suggestions or improvements,
feel free to open an issue or a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under Apache License 2.0. Please see the [LICENSE][license] file for more

> details.

Reviewer: Do we need this? GitHub already specifies the license, no? If you want to specify the license on npmjs.org, I assume we need to fill out the license field in package.json?

Author: yeah we don't have to add this into the README

i'll add the license field to the package.json
